[sword clangs]
- [gasps]
- There's a limit
to human abilities,
and I believe you've reached it.
Farewell, Miss Towa!
- [gasps]
- [yells]
[Towa gasps]
- [gasps]
- [gags]
Riku...
what are you...
- I can only kill
the ones I love, Lady Towa.
And I would rather
you died by my hand than his.
- Riku.
- And I...
will be following you
into the Afterlife.
- [ragged breathing]
[gasps]
- [scoffs]
What kind of soap opera
are you trying to put on here?
Let's just cut to the finish,
shall we?
- [yells]
Die!
- [groans]
Die, Osamu Kirin!
- How impertinent!
- [groans]
[gasps]
- [yells]
- No one with human blood
in their veins
is going to defeat me!
- [gasps] Madam.
- My sister's staff!
- [yells]
- What a shame.
I guess this means I won't be
the one to make you happy...
my Rion.
- Riku.
- The hours
that I've spent with you
have been
the happiest of my life.
Thank you, Lady Towa.
- [shudders]
- Do you...
remember the day...
when you told me
that I was my own person?
When I heard those words...
for the first time in my life,
I felt thankful
for having lived so long.
- Riku.
- I feel proud...
to have been able to save
your life at the very end.
Lady Towa...
you have to survive,
if only to prove
that I once existed.
- I will.
- You must see to it
that you save Miss Rion.
And there is one thing
you should know.
- [crying]
- In spite of everything,
she still loves her father.
- [gasps]
- And like... Miss Rion...
- [crying]
- I am unable to kill
someone I truly love.
Lady Towa...
I love you.
- [gasps]
[crying] Riku!
[Japanese music playing]
TOWA: "Father and Daughter."
[energy chiming]
RION: Silence!
You don't know what I want!
[both gasp]
- TOWA: Rion!
- [Rion gasps]
[both gasp]
MOROHA: Towa!
SETSUNA: Did you...
- [chuckles]
- [laughs]
- Rion...
Riku told me something...
about you...
[Rion gasps]
- the way you feel
about your father,
that, in spite of everything,
you still lo--
- Silence!
- [groans]
- Listen up!
We have to cut
every thread one by one!
MOROHA: Well,
let's get to it, then.
[tense music playing]
- How can you suggest
I'm anything like a human?!
- Hmph.
- [growls]
[yells]
- Why Lord Sesshomaru
insisted you be here, Rin,
I cannot begin to imagine.
- Lord Sesshomaru.
- [yells]
- Here they come!
BOTH: We're ready!
- [thread chimes]
- [gasps]
[blade pulses]
The red one, Towa!
- Got it! [grunts]
RION: Father...
- What?
- That's Rion,
the voice within her heart.
- Rion's heart?
[explosions booming]
- So I'm like a human, am I?!
Why is that?!
- You still don't see it,
do you?
- Don't see what?
- [shudders]
- [gasps]
[Sesshomaru panting]
Rion.
- Father.
[nervous chuckle]
- [gasps]
- [scoffs]
It's not worth the effort
of crossing blades with you.
- What?!
- That's the one!
- RION: Father...
- [gasps]
- I'm very happy
that you're still alive.
- What the hell do you mean,
Sesshomaru?!
- [groans]
GREAT DOG-DEMON: The battlefield
is no place for a child.
- Why don't you
just finish me?!
[growls]
- [gasps]
[ship creaking]
[Rion sighs]
- Do you mean...
Are you saying this is
how Rion was back then?
- [grunts]
- Well, then tell me!
What's the problem with that?!
- [yells]
RION: Back then...
I was so glad that you
were still alive,
but I-I didn't want you
to fight ever again.
And so I decided to stop
smiling from that moment on.
[blades clash]
- [yells]
- [winces]
[gags]
- After my battle
with the Great Dog-Demon,
I only got back up on my feet
in order to see Rion
smile again.
But Rion never did smile again.
The one thing that Rion
wanted from me was...
- [yells]
RION: I loved
how strong my father was.
[sentimental music playing]
It made me happy
to see him returning
after he'd won a battle.
And when I smiled...
he would smile too.
- It's true, then!
Rion still loves her father!
- [yells]
- But the truth is,
I wanted to see him smile
so badly...
that I had been
forcing myself to smile.
If I had only been stronger,
I wouldn't have been killed.
If I had been stronger, Father,
you wouldn't have had
to suffer so terribly.
It's all because I was weak!
I didn't want to end up
despising you, Father.
ALL: Rion!
MIROKU: What's happened?
- It stopped moving!
- Whoa!
- Moroha!
- You did it, Towa!
- Amazing!
- Setsuna, are you safe?
- Yay!
- Wow, they really did it!
Have they saved us
from the Degenerate Age?
- I see now.
I didn't want to acknowledge
the painful truth
that I myself was to blame
for my daughter's death.
And it seems that I was
being held back by her loss.
JAKEN: What's going on up there?
- Lord Sesshomaru is trying
to tell him something.
- [chuckles]
I have been acting
like a human, haven't I?
My apologies, Sesshomaru.
[roars]
[growling]
- Good. That's more like it.
Now there's a worthy opponent.
- All that's left of me now
are my demon instincts!
Let us bring this fight
to a finish, Sesshomaru!
- Very well, then.
- What horrifying demon energy!
- Lord Sesshomaru...
I believe in you.
- [chuckles]
[roars]
[yells]
[tense music playing]
[yelling]
- [yells]
- [gasps]
[gasps]
[gags]
[screaming]
- [gasps]
- What are you waiting for?
Why don't you finish it?
JAKEN: Lord Sesshomaru!
You've done it!
You've finally done it!
Eh?
- Father.
- Rion!
- My thanks to you, all of you.
I am forever grateful.
[all gasp]
[peaceful music playing]
- [gasps]
- SESSHOMARU: Rin.
- Huh?
Y-Yes?
- Come with me now.
- Wait, Lord Sesshomaru!
Good heavens,
where is he headed now?
- What is that?
TOWA: Kirinmaru!
- Oh, Father.
- Rion.
- Rion...
go ahead and talk to him.
Tell him how you really feel.
[energy warbles]
- [gasps]
- Rion?
- What's the matter?
- [Osamu Kirin laughs]
- [all gasp]
KIRIN: In that body,
you will never be able
to touch your father again.
And all because you
were slain by a half-demon!
- A half-demon?!
[Rion screams]
ALL: Rion!
[dramatic music playing]
- I know this place.
KIRIN: It's the half-demons
who are to blame for everything.
- [chuckles]
- Sakasa!
- Rion!
- What's going on?!
RION: Save me!
- All that demon energy. [gasps]
[both gasp]
- [screams]
[panting]
- Sakasa!
[gasps]
I can't move!
- Make it go away!
- Rion...
you must fight.
- What the...
- What's going on?!
- [shudders]
- Damn.
There's no stopping it now.
- So much miasma.
[both shudder]
- Moroha! Get out
while you still can!
- Setsuna.
- Everyone, take shelter!
[overlapping chatter]
- No!
No! Stay away!
- Stand and fight, Rion!
- You possess the power
to defeat Sakasa!
- [panting]
- Damn.
Guess I have no choice.
Zanseiken!
[flute plays]
- Wait, what are you doing?
- I'm going to fight
at her side!
Rion!
You can carve out your future
with your own strength!
- Towa, don't do it!
- If you use the Zanseiken
again, it could kill you!
- [grunts]
[yells]
[dramatic music playing]
- [gasps]
- JAKEN: What's this?
[Towa groaning]
- Towa!
- [grunting]
- [panting]
TOWA: Rion!
SETSUNA: Don't do it, Towa!
MOROHA: Towa!
- Just believe
in yourself, Rion!
You have to fight back!
- [panting]
- Fight, Rion.
- [chime rings]
- [gasps]
[panting]
[Sakasa laughing]
- Lady Towa, I will!
[flute plays]
I too will fight!
My wish is to become...
- [yells]
- as strong as my father!
- [screams]
What is this?
It can't be.
KIRIN: I always
thought that Rion
was helpless
without my protection!
[screams]
- Excellent.
- You did it!
- Rion, you fought back.
[music playing]
- It's calming down.
- [panting]
[gasps]
[Setsuna gasps] Mother!
[Rin gasps]
Towa.
JAKEN: Where is Akuru?
If Akuru were here,
he could restore Towa's Kon.
- Akuru...
is dead.
JAKEN: What did you say?
But that means...
- You can bring her back to life
with the Tenseiga, right?
- Not with the Tenseiga.
It cannot restore one's Kon.
- I'm so very sorry...
Lady Towa.
TOWA: Rion...
- SETSUNA: What?
- Could that be...
TOWA: Rion, please...
I want you to use my body.
- Huh?
- You what?
- Towa!
What the hell are you saying?!
- Lady Towa.
- Huh?
- [gasps]
RIN: Huh?
- Rion?
KIRINMARU: I'm sorry, Rion.
I tried to control you...
even after
you were passed away.
- Father, it's all right.
It's all right now.
[both gasp]
- I'm sorry to you as well...
Half-Demon Princesses.
- A thread of fate.
- Setsuna.
- Huh?
- [blade pulsing]
- [gasps]
Yukari no Tachikiri?
RION: Miss Setsuna...
will you please set us free?
Will you sever our fate?
- [gasps]
Very well.
[yells]
Yukari no Tachikiri!
RION: Thank you, Miss Setsuna.
Good night, Father.
Rest well.
Let us be reunited
with Aunt Zero now.
[energy chiming]
JAKEN: The Bakuseiken and
the Zanseiken are becoming one!
Is that...
the Sword of Amatsumikaboshi?!
Kirinmaru and Rion...
their souls are
being sent inside the sword.
RION: Lady Towa,
you have done so much for me.
I shall now return
your body to you.
- Return it?
- Wait a minute.
That mean what I think it does?
- It does. Look there!
- Huh? What happened?
- Towa, you're back!
- [Jaken gasps]
- [laughs]
- Setsuna. Moroha.
RION: Thank you, all.
It's because of you,
I was able to restore
my bond with my father.
For that, I'm so grateful.
- Rion...
I'm just glad we could help.
RION: Goodbye, everyone.
Fare you well.
[Japanese music playing]
- I'm so proud of you,
Towa, Setsuna.
BOTH: Thank you, Mother.
- [singing in Japanese]
- I have been
waiting for this day.
- I know.
- We all have.
- Tell me something,
Lord Sesshomaru,
Why did you show mercy
to Kirinmaru and Rion,
allowing them
to go in peace like that?
You could have
finished them both off.
- If I had...
my daughters' hearts
would never have been saved.
Come over and join us,
Lord Sesshomaru!
Isn't it good
that we can all be together?
- [wind blowing]
- Hmm.
- Lord Sesshomaru, do I
see a look of happiness?
- [groans]
- RIN: Let's go!
- TWINS: Okay!
- [Jaken moans]
- RIN: Lord Sesshomaru!
- TOWA: Father!
SETSUNA: Father!
[song continues]
- Whoa!
- Ohh!
[dramatic music playing]
MOROHA: Hey, you two!
You up for a fun request
in Iyo Province?
Western lands, here we come!
TOWA: Hey, you're...
SETSUNA: Just who are you?!
TAKECHIYO: Careful! That job
sounds too good to be true.
MYOGA: Save me, please!
RIN: It's your father's way
of rewarding you.
TOWA: Next on Yashahime:
"A Never-Ending Future."
GIRLS: It's the start
of a new journey!